docs: Fix docs build strict mode errors (#3809)
embeddings-benchmark/mteb: docs/usage/defining_the_model.md

However, we do recommend checking if mteb includes an implementation of the model before using sentence transformers since some models (e.g. the [multilingual e5 models](https://huggingface.co/collections/intfloat/multilingual-e5-text-embeddings-67b2b8bb9bff40dec9fb3534)) require a prompt and not specifying it may reduce performance.

!!! note

>     If you want to evaluate a cross encoder for reranking, see the section on [running cross encoders for reranking](./running_the_evaluation.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to evaluate a cross encoder for reranking, see the section on [running cross encoders for reranking](../andvanced_usage/two_stage_reranking.md).
```
